Memcached rewrite (#16897)
newrelic/docs-website: src/install/memcached/linux/install-apt.mdx

---
componentType: default
headingText: Download using APT
---

> 1. From the command line, run these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the command line, run these commands to update APT and install the integration:
```

    ```shell
    sudo apt-get update
    ```

    ```shell
    sudo apt-get install nri-memcached

> ```

Reviewer: indent the last set of backticks here. it's adding a secondary / random (i think) code block on the preview that reads:

`export const _frontmatter = {"componentType":"default","headingText":"Download using APT"}`
